
                        Vlc Web Control Panel


  PURPOSE
  -------

  The VLC Web Control Panel(VWCP) is a cross-browser solution for 
  controlling the vlc web-plugins (Mozilla and ActiveX) with a 
  full-functioned graphic user interface(GUI).  It contains 
  HTML and CSS styling for the graphics and supports basic 
  media player functions using javascript to manipulate the plugin API.


  Latest Version
  --------------

  This is the latest version: 0.9.2.  Details on updates and 
  future releases can be found here as they come out: 
  http://atsiko.wordpress.com/vlc-web-control-panel/


  Documentation
  -------------

  The documentation for the VLC WebPlugin may be found here: 
  http://wiki.videolan.org/Documentation:WebPlugin

  You can download VLC Media Player here:
  http://www.videolan.org/

  You may post questions about VLC here:
  http://forum.videolan.org/


  MANIFEST
  --------

  This zip archive contains two javascript libraries, 
  an external CSS file, and an example HTML page 
  with the required framework to display the panel and 
  plugin on a webpage.  There is also a folder 
  containing the minimum required image set to 
  display the buttons.  Please see the included README 
  and CHANGELOG files for changes from the previous version.


  INSTALLATION
  ------------

  In order to properly embed the control panel in a webpage, 
  all image files must be contained in their original directories.
  However, they do not need to remain in the same directory 
  as the HTML or video files.  Please see the VWCPconfig.js file
  for more details.

  In order to properly access the functions and images,
  you will need to place all the html in the body of the example
  html file in your html file where you wish it to appear in the page.
  You will also need to insert the .js and CSS references 
  into the head of the document, and set the onload function
  of the body element to "trackselect()".  Alternatively, you may place
  call to the function within another function on body load.


  Licensing
  ---------

  You may learn about VLC Media Players licensing here:
  http://www.videolan.org/support/faq.html


  Contact and Support
  -------------------

  You may use the VLC WebPlugin documentation for help, or you may
  contact me at the address on my blog contact page.  Please report bugs
  with comments here: 
  http://atsiko.wordpress.com/vlc-web-control-panel/

  
  Acknowledgements
  ----------------

  N/A

